Hello, I hope all is well with you. I am looking to find someone with your skills to
do a project for a friend of mines start up company. 

It will be doing CFD, comparisons and more with report. The product is a Vertical Axis Wind Turbine
(VAWT). This is not a normal turbine and it has some unique features. After the VAWT it has way we
call "Directors" these attach at the end of the turing to catch more wind and direct it into the 
turbine. I have attached what my friend wrote me, please read it and let me know if you can help 
and what you think. I can also send you photo and sketches. Here is what he said:

1 Our New Model VAWT included big directors (guide-boost) 5.5 meter included
our rotor in the middle, and 30 % drg angle bottom, new rotor design of 24
blades, 2 meters height, and 1.22 diameter, hollow rotor is 30 cm in the
middle.

2 Also compare with various other models (VAWT)

3.CFD activities
Starting from our basic model VAWT (with dimensions, plans, etc.) Widened
with a 3D drawing of the wind catchers (guide-boost in total 5.5 meters,
included rotor with hollow in the middle, and 30 % drg angle system on the
bottom, and boost in closed on top, guide area is open).
With dimensions and specifications, I expect them to theoretically calculate
axle output with torque and speed at different wind speeds.
They should also be able to provide us with a curve of the Cp in function of
the wind speed.
The Cp is defined as the ratio between Pmechanic to Pwind, with other words,
how much is the Pwind boosted by the combination of the VAWT and the
proposed windscreens. (big guide boost directors and 30 drg angle system on
bottom and closed boost system on top to creacte pressure in the follow
rotor, inside the windturbine boost ratio 1 to 12)

Besides, they will also be able to provide other parameters for pressure
build-up, friction, max and min theoretical speeds.

Can they also vary the proposed windscreens (guide-boost directors) in their
models to see the impact on the mechanical power of the proposed turbine
VAWT?

Any idea of what you can do this GIG for? I see on your profile the different options and also wanted to see a guess on how long it will take you. Thank you and I look forward to hearing from you.

Best regards,

Conrad